[Once you press enter]

A request is sent to the domain name system (DNS) server by your computer which serves as an address book for all domain names. This then sends back the exact IP address of the server which https://www.google.com points to.

A connection is established with the server and your computer through IP. This type of connection is known as Transmission Control Protocol (TCP). This process is termed HandShake. The connection is made possible through Internet Protocol (IP).

 
Sometimes you may have the firewall turned on. If so, the firewall checks to ensure that the particular request you are making is allowed before permitting it. Same process will apply if enabled at the server side as well.
 
Once connection is established, your browser will send a request for the webpage using an encryption protocol like Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) or Transport Layer Security (TLS) in order to encrypt the data that will be shared between your computer and the server. This method of encryption is the reason for the "s" you see in "https"... This means the network is secured.
 
Google maintain a high traffic. Therefore, they have a load balancer that receives most of the requests and push it to a particular server. Request coming from your browser will hit the load balancer first and then forward it to a specific server depending on the algorithm used by the load balancer.
 
The server that receives the request sends a response back to the load balancer and then a response is sent back to your browser. This response most times include HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files that makes up Google's homepage that you see.
 
The HTML files received tells the browser how to render the content of the page. The CSS file tells the browser how to style the content while the JavaScript file adds interactivity to the page.
 
Sometimes there may be dynamic content such as Google search results, in this case, the web server will make a request to the application server, which in turn may make a request to a database server to get some data and send it back to the web server. The web server will pick all that as response and send it back to the browser.
 
Congratulations!
Yeepee!!!, the browser will render the page and display it to you.

